Yusei: NOW LET'S GET UP TO SPEED
WITH YU-GI-OH 5D'S!
MC: WITH THE ARRIVAL
OF TEAM 5D'S, YUSEI FUDO,
THE WORLD RACING GRAND PRIX
HAS FORAYED
INTO ITS EXCITING FINALE.
IT DOESN'T MATTER
HOW MANY CARDS
AND MONSTERS YOU PLAY.
THERE'S NO ESCAPING WHAT FATE
HAS IN STORE.
A FATE THAT YOU'LL SOON BE
MEETING YOURSELF, YUSEI.
YOU AND ALL YOUR FRIENDS.
AND THERE'S NOTHING
YOU CAN DO TO STOP IT.
Yusei: YOU PAINT
A DREADFUL PICTURE.
AND YOU PIN ALL THE BLAME
ON SOMETHING
I PUT MY DEEPEST FAITH IN.
SYNCHRO SUMMONING.
I TELL YOU, YUSEI FUDO, THE
POWER OF THE SYNCHRO SUMMON
IS FESTERING WITH ALL THE THINGS
THAT MAKE MANKIND WICKED.
LIKE ANY GREAT POWER,
IF MISUSED,
IT COULD CAUSE GREAT HARM.
BUT IF CHAMPIONED BY THE
RIGHTEOUS, IT CAN CREATE GOOD.
I TUNE LEVEL 2 FORMULA SYNCHRON
WITH LEVEL 8 STARDUST DRAGON.
I ACCEL SYNCHRO
SHOOTING STAR DRAGON!
SHOOTING STAR ATTACK!
TARGET MEKLORD EMPEROR GRANEL.
[EXPLOSIONS]
SO NOW MAYBE YOU SEE
THE DESTINY YOU SPEAK OF
ISN'T FOR CERTAIN.
NOT ONLY IS IT STILL CERTAIN,
YOUR ACTIONS JUST NOW HAVE
HELPED USHER IT ALONG.
HUH?!
AND BECAUSE THEY HAVE,
I'M NOW FORCED
TO TAKE DRASTIC MEASURES.
[LASER SOUNDS]
WHOA, WHO ARE YOU?
I AM APORIA.
♪♪
♪ GOING FAST
MAKES ME FEEL ALIVE ♪
♪ MY HEART BEATS
IN HYPER DRIVE ♪
♪ DO YOU THINK YOU COULD WIN
ONLY IF I LOSE ♪
♪ JUST LET DESTINY CHOOSE ♪
♪ I CAN HEAR YOU BREATHIN' ♪
♪ I CAN SEE YOU COMIN' ♪
♪ I CAN FEEL THE WIND ♪
♪ IT'S BLOWIN' ME AROUND ♪
♪ TAKE A SHOT AT ME
RUNNING SIDE BY SIDE ♪
♪ IT'S A BLUR
AS I GO BY ♪
♪ I CAN HEAR YOU BREATHIN' ♪
♪ I CAN SEE YOU COMIN' ♪
♪ I CAN FEEL THE WIND ♪
♪ IT'S BLOWIN' ME AROUND ♪
♪ SEE THE SUN ARISIN' ♪
♪ FIRE IN THE SKY ♪
♪ GREATNESS THRUST ITSELF
INTO OUR LIVES ♪
WHO'S THE NEW DUDE
OUT THERE?
HE CAME FROM NOWHERE.
WHOA, YOU SEE THAT?
YEAH. TEAM NEW WORLD
ALL COMBINED,
AND FORMED THIS GUY.
[ENGINES ROARING]
MC:
OH, MY.
FIRST THE FUSION OF THREE
HUMANS, AND NOW IT SEEMS
THEIR DUEL RUNNERS ARE GOING
TO BE GETTING INTO THE MIX.
[LASER SOUNDS]
WHAT IN THE WORLD?
NO, YUSEI.
THIS IS BAD.
THAT'S PUTTING IT LIGHTLY.
IT'S NOT FAIR.
YUSEI DIDN'T SIGN UP
TO FIGHT THIS... THIS...
WHATEVER THIS IS.
[ALL GASP]
IT'S ONE HALF MAN.
AND THE OTHER HALF
IS MACHINE.
TELL ME NOW,
WHAT'S THE MEANING
OF ALL OF THIS, APORIA?
WHAT'S THE MEANING, YUSEI?
YOU'LL SEE SOON ENOUGH.
I WANT ANSWERS.
OH, AND YOU WILL HAVE THEM,
JUST NOT NOW.
YOU'LL HAVE TO WAIT ALONG
WITH EVERYONE ELSE.
BUT DON'T WORRY.
I CAN ASSURE YOU THAT
THE ENDING IS WORTH THE WAIT.
FOR THE CIRCUIT IS NOW
NEARLY COMPLETE, YOU SEE.
WHAT?
THE CIRCUIT, BUT THAT'S
ALL YOU GET FOR NOW.
NO, TELL ME MORE.
[CHUCKLES]
AFRAID NOT, MY TURN.
AND FIRST I PLAY THE TRAP
INFINITE PRISON.
NOW BY DISCARDING ONE CARD,
I CAN PLACE GRAND CORE
FROM MY GRAVE
TO THE FIELD FACEDOWN.
BUT I'M NOT DONE JUST YET.
YOU SEE, MY TRAP
HAS A SECOND EFFECT.
BY SENDING INFINITE PRISON
TO THE GRAVE,
I CAN SEND ALL THE CARDS
IN MY SPELL
AND TRAP CARD ZONE
STRAIGHT TO MY HAND.
NOW, SINCE I BELIEVE I'VE GOTTEN
JUST ABOUT AS MUCH USE
OUT OF THAT TRAP AS POSSIBLE,
I'LL PLAY, A BRAND-NEW TRAP.
MEKLORD EMPEROR CREATION.
BY BANISHING SKY CORE,
WISE CORE, AND GRAND CORE,
I CAN NOW SUMMON
THE ALL MIGHTY
MEKLORD ASTRO MEKANIKLE.
ASTRO MEKANIKLE?
SOUNDS BAD.
[ELECTRONIC SOUNDS]
Female computer voice: Meklord
Astro Mekanikle is a level 12
Machine-type monster with 4,000
attack and defense points.
THAT THING SCARES ME.
RIGHT THERE WITH YA.
I'VE NEVER SEEN A MONSTER
LIKE THAT BEFORE.
HA, HA, HA.
AHH.
HUH?
[ELECTRICITY CRACKLING,
EXPLOSIONS]
Woman: WE GOTTA GET OUTTA HERE.
Man: RUN FOR IT.
[CROWD SCREAMS]
TELL YA WHAT, DUEL DEVOTEES,
YOU ASKED FOR
A HIGH VOLTAGE MATCH UP.
AND THAT'S JUST WHAT YOU GOT,
AND YOU'D BETTER BELIEVE,
THERE'S A LOT MORE IN STORE.
Staff: NOT FOR ME.
I'M TAKING OUR DUEL CREW,
AND GETTIN' OUTTA HERE
RIGHT NOW.
WHAT? YOU'RE KIDDING ME.
Staff: WANNA BET?
YOU BUNCH OF YELLOW BELLIES.
[EXPLOSIONS]
WHAT'S HAPPENING OUT THERE?
I THINK OUR CITY'S
BEING DESTROYED.
YEAH,
WE GOTTA DO SOMETHING.
AAAH. AAAH.
HEY, LAZAR,
YOU HAVE TO STOP THIS.
HUH? I WISH I COULD.
BUT WE JUST INSTALLED A SYSTEM
THAT MAKES IT IMPOSSIBLE TO END
A MATCH IN THE MIDDLE OF A DUEL.
SAY WHAT? WE WHO?
WHO DO YOU THINK? IT WAS THOSE
THREE ILLIASTER SNAKES.
AARRGH. OUR ONLY CHANCE
IS FOR YUSEI TO WIN.
OTHERWISE, NOT ONLY WILL
THIS MATCH BE LOST,
BUT OUR WHOLE CITY
COULD BE AS WELL.
THAT MONSTER'S MASSIVE.
WHAT'S YUSEI GONNA DO?
HE'LL DO WHAT HE ALWAYS DOES,
FIND A WAY TO WIN.
YEAH. REMEMBER, SO LONG
AS HE HAS SHOOTING STAR DRAGON,
HE'LL BE ABLE TO AVOID ATTACKS.
NOW, YUSEI, WITNESS THE POWER
OF MY ASTRO MEKANIKLE.
FOR YOU SEE, ONCE A TURN,
IT CAN ABSORB A SYNCHRO MONSTER
AND GAIN ITS ATTACK POINTS.
A SYNCHRO MONSTER LIKE YOUR
SHOOTING STAR DRAGON.
SPEAKING OF,
I ACTIVATE ITS ABILITY.
IT LETS ME REMOVE IT
FROM PLAY ONCE PER TURN.
SO WHAT? DUE TO MEKLORD
MEKANIKLE'S ABILITY,
I CAN SEND AN EMPEROR PART
TO THE GRAVEYARD
AND GAIN THAT PARTS'
SPECIAL ABILITY,
SO, BY BANISHING GRANEL
GUARD 3 TO THE GREAT BEYOND
AND ACTIVATING ITS EFFECT,
I CAN NEGATE YOUR MONSTER'S
SPECIAL ABILITY ONCE PER TURN.
NO.
HUH? THIS CAN'T BE.
SHOOTING STAR DRAGON
IS YUSEI'S BEST CHANCE
AT WINNING THIS THING,
AND NOW, HE'S BEING
FORCED TO SWITCH SIDES?
OH, NO,
SHOOTING STAR DRAGON!
[CHUCKLES]
UNBELIEVABLE!
YUSEI'S SHOOTING STAR DRAGON,
HAS BEEN SUCKED INTO
THE BELLY OF THE BEAST!
OR MORE SPECIFICALLY,
THAT MEKLORD ASTRO MEKANIKLE.
AND EVEN WORSE,
MY WHOLE PRODUCTION CREW
HAS ABANDONED ME.
EVEN SO,
I'M CERTAIN IN SAYING THAT
NEITHER YUSEI NOR I
WILL GIVE UP.
NO, WE WILL FIGHT
TO THE VERY END
LIKE THE TRUE WARRIORS
THAT WE ARE.
AT THIS POINT,
IT'S NOT ABOUT FIGHTING,
IT'S ABOUT SURVIVING.
WE GOTTA BELIEVE, LEO.
YUSEI.
THERE'S GOTTA BE
SOMETHING I CAN DO.
HA HA.
I SEE THE FEAR IN YOUR EYES.
AND YOU ARE RIGHT
TO BE AFRAID.
YOU WILL TASTE THE SAME
DESPAIR THAT I HAVE.
A DESPAIR THAT
WAS SO POWERFUL,
IT WAS GIVEN LIFE AND EVEN NOW
DEVOTES ITSELF TO OUR CAUSE.
WHAT ARE YOU
TALKING ABOUT?
YOU ARE SO INSISTENT
ON GETTING ANSWERS,
AREN'T YOU, YUSEI?
VERY WELL, THEN I SHALL
GIVE YOU THEM.
WHOA. WHERE ARE WE?
NOT THIS PLACE AGAIN.
HUH?
WHAT'S THAT DOME?
Leo: WISH WE COULD GET
A CLOSER LOOK.
Akiza:
YOU WERE SAYING.
Luna:
SOMEONE'S THERE.
IS-- IS THERE ANYONE HERE?
HEY, LOOK,
IT'S JAKOB.
Aporia: NOT JAKOB.
THAT WAS ME AT MY LOWEST.
Jakob:
AAAHH.
Aporia:
THAT'S WHEN THEY ARRIVED.
AS YOU MAY HAVE HEARD,
I WAS LOOKING FOR SURVIVORS.
AND I FOUND THEM.
OR RATHER, THEY FOUND ME.
WE ARE THE ONLY REMAINING
HUMAN SOULS IN THIS WORLD.
WE INVITE YOU TO JOIN US
TO MAKE THINGS RIGHT.
Aporia:
OF COURSE I ACCEPTED
THEIR INVITATION
AND ONCE I ARRIVED
AT THEIR SECRET COMPOUND
THAT WOULD BECOME MY NEW HOME,
I WAS SO HAPPY I DID.
FOR YOU SEE, THE ONES
WHO TOOK ME IN WERE DEVOTED
TO RESTORING THE WORLD
TO HOW IT WAS BEFORE
THE SECOND ZERO REVERSE
TRAGEDY STRUCK.
AND THEY WERE USING
VERY ADVANCED EQUIPMENT
IN THIS EFFORT.
DAY AND NIGHT,
THE FOUR OF US LABORED
WITH BOTH OUR MINDS
AND OUR BODIES,
FOR A WAY TO TAKE BACK
ALL THE UNPLEASANTNESS.
BUT SADLY IT WAS TO NO AVAIL.
AND EVEN MORE SADLY,
ALL THE HARD WORK
BEGAN TO TAKE ITS TOLL.
EXHAUSTED BY
THE LONG DAYS AND NIGHTS,
THE MEMBERS OF OUR CONSORTIUM
BEGAN TO FALL ILL.
THINGS WERE SEEMING HOPELESS.
WHY, SOON, EVEN I WAS ON
THE VERGE OF THE GREAT ABYSS.
APORIA.
Aporia [IN JAKOB'S VOICE]:
I GROW WEAK.
[COUGHING]
BUT I CANNOT CONTINUE
THE MISSION ALONE.
YES, I KNOW,
SO I WANT YOU
TO ADD TO YOUR RANKS
BY CREATING FROM ME
THREE OTHERS.
ZONE:
WHAT DO YOU MEAN?
YOU SEE,
THERE HAVE BEEN
THREE INSTANCES IN MY LIFE
THAT SHAPED WHO I AM.
THE DAY I WAS SEPARATED
FROM MY PARENTS.
THE DAY THAT
MY PARTNER IN ARMS,
AND THE WOMAN THAT I LOVED,
WAS TAKEN FROM ME.
AND THE DAY THAT I LOST
THE WORLD THAT I ONCE KNEW
AND CHERISHED SO MUCH.
SINCE I ARRIVED,
I'VE DONE MUCH RESEARCH.
THE HARDWARE EXISTS
FOR YOU TO TAKE THESE
INSTANCES I'VE SHARED
AND GIVE THEM CORPOREAL LIFE.
TO MAKE THEM FLESH.
DO THIS, FRIEND,
FOR ME,
FOR ALL OF MANKIND.
I SHALL.
AND THROUGH THESE THREE
NEW AGENTS, YOU SHALL LIVE ON.
[ALL GASP]
SO YOU SEE, YUSEI,
ALL THIS TIME LESTER,
PRIMO, AND JAKOB
WERE JUST DIFFERENT
VERSIONS OF ME
FROM DIFFERENT
INSTANCES IN MY LIFE.
AND THEIR SOLE PURPOSE HERE
WAS TO GATHER ALL OF US,
TO WHERE WE FIND OURSELVES NOW.
TO THE POINT WHERE I CAN WIPE
NEW DOMINO CITY OFF THE MAP.
ARE YOU OUT OF YOUR MIND?
MILLIONS OF PEOPLE LIVE HERE.
BUT FEAR NOT, YUSEI.
THE PEOPLE OF NEW DOMINO
WON'T SUFFER THE SAME FATE
AS THEIR CITY.
THEY WILL LIVE.
BUT ONCE THEY GET TO KNOW
THE FESTERING DIMENSION
THAT THEY'VE BEEN BANISHED TO,
THEY MAY WISH THAT THEY HADN'T.
FESTERING WHAT?
Aporia:
IT'S OVER, YUSEI.
ONCE I WIN THIS DUEL,
THE CITY WILL BE DESTROYED...
Both: HUH?!
...AND MY FUTURE, REBORN.
YOU'RE A FOOL!
NO, YUSEI, I'M AFRAID
YOU ARE THE FOOL.
I HAVE SEEN WHAT IS
IN STORE FOR ALL OF US.
AND I WILL NOT STAND BY
AND FORSAKE THE FUTURE.
SO READY YOURSELF, YUSEI,
BECAUSE IT ALL ENDS NOW.
[ELECTRICITY CRACKLING,
EXPLOSIONS]
NO.
AAHH.
[EXPLOSIONS]
WHOA! WHAT A TERRIFYING
TURN OF EVENTS.
THE DUELISTS ARE OFF
THE TRACK NOW.
BUT CONTINUING THEIR MATCH ON
CITY STREETS PACKED WITH PEOPLE!
KEEP FIGHTING THE FIGHT, YUSEI.
BEAT THIS GUY, PLEASE.
YUSEI REALLY HAS HIS WORK
CUT OUT FOR HIM NOW.
HUH?
[EXPLOSIONS]
IF WHAT MY FATHER SAID TO ME
IN THAT DREAM IS TRUE,
I'D BETTER ACT FAST.
HA, YOU ARE WISE
TO FLEE, YUSEI.
AFTER ALL, NOW THAT MY MEKLORD
HAS ABSORBED YOUR BEST MONSTER,
YOU DON'T HAVE
A CHANCE TO BEAT ME.
HAH.
YOU ARE DONE FOR.
USUALLY THIS IS WHEN I TELL
THE BAD GUY HOW WRONG HE IS,
BUT THIS TIME,
HE COULD BE RIGHT.
MEKLORD ASTRO MEKANIKLE NOW
ATTACKS YOU DIRECTLY.
GO, MEKANIKLE MAYHEM.
Child: HELP!
MAMA!
UH-OH.
I PLAY SCRAP-IRON SCARECROW.
THIS NEGATES ONE OF APORIA'S
MONSTER'S ATTACKS.
[EXPLOSION]
NOW GO!
I CAN'T DUEL WITH
ALL OF MY HEART
WITH THESE PEOPLE AROUND
AND IN HARM'S WAY.
COME AND GET ME.
MC:
GOODNESS GRACIOUS.
I'M JUST GUESSING,
BUT I BELIEVE YUSEI
IS LEADING APORIA
INTO SATELLITE.
THERE, IT'S JUST US NOW.
OH, YUSEI,
A DO-GOODER TILL THE END.
AND ON THAT TOPIC,
I END MY TURN WITH A FACEDOWN.
SO SINCE IT'S NOW
THE END PHASE,
MY MEKANIKLE'S
ABILITY ACTIVATES.
AN ABILITY THAT SENDS
YOUR SHOOTING STAR DRAGON,
TO THE GRAVEYARD AND THEN USES
THOSE ATTACK POINTS AGAINST YOU.
[ALL GASP]
NO.
SHOOTING STAR DRAGON'S
ORIGINAL ATTACK POINTS
ARE 3,300 AND YUSEI...
ONLY HAS 2,800
LIFE POINTS REMAINING.
YEAH, THAT'S TRUE.
BUT LOOK,
I THINK YUSEI SAW IT COMING.
I ACTIVATE A TRAP
THAT'LL BLOW YOU AWAY.
NOW, APORIA,
BY DESTROYING ONE FACEUP CARD
IN MY SPELL
AND TRAP CARD ZONE,
I CAN DESTROY
SHOOTING STAR DRAGON!
[GLASS SHATTERS]
SO HE'S THROUGH?
THAT WAS THE ONLY MOVE
FOR YUSEI.
MAYBE SO, BUT THAT
WAS HIS BEST MONSTER.
RIGHT, WHICH MEANS YUSEI
WOULDN'T GIVE HIM UP
UNLESS HE REALLY KNEW
WHAT HE WAS DOING.
YOUR TURN NOW.
I DRAW.
I PLAY THE EFFECT
OF SPEED WORLD 2.
NOW, BY REMOVING
7 SPEED COUNTERS,
I'M ALLOWED TO DRAW ONE CARD.
NEXT I'LL SUMMON THAT CARD
STRAIGHT TO THE FIELD
IN ATTACK MODE.
RISE, SALVAGENT.
NOW, BY RELEASING SALVAGENT,
I CAN NEGATE THE ABILITY OF ONE
SYNCHRO MONSTER IN MY GRAVEYARD,
AND SUMMON IT
TO THE FIELD IN DEFENSE MODE.
SHOOTING STAR DRAGON,
WELCOME BACK.
HOWEVER, THE MONSTER SUMMONED
USING SALVAGENT'S EFFECT,
DOESN'T COUNT AS
A SYNCHRO MONSTER.
I'LL NOW THROW TWO FACEDOWNS
TO END MY TURN.
HAH. YOU PATHETIC FOOL.
WHAT GOOD IS IT WITHOUT
ITS STATUS OR SPECIAL ABILITY?
FOR ONE, NOW IT
CAN'T BE ABSORBED.
WAIT, SO SHOOTING STAR DRAGON'S
JUST AN ORDINARY MONSTER NOW?
YEAH, AND THAT
CHANGES EVERYTHING.
THE MOMENT I WIN THIS DUEL,
NEW DOMINO CITY
WILL BE DESTROYED.
AND THEN,
FROM ITS ASHES WILL RISE
A GRAND FUTURE.
DESTRUCTION NEVER LEADS
TO ANYTHING GRAND, APORIA.
YOU HAVE YOUR OPINION, YUSEI,
AND I HAVE MINE.
SO LET'S JUST SETTLE THIS WITH
OUR CARDS ONCE AND FOR ALL.
AARGH.
MY TURN, I DRAW.
AND NOW I ACTIVATE THE EFFECT
OF SPEED WORLD 2.
NOW, BY REMOVING 7
OF MY SPEED COUNTERS,
I GET TO DRAW ONE CARD
FROM MY DECK.
I BANISH WISEL ATTACK 5
FROM MY HAND TO THE GRAVEYARD
SO THAT MEKLORD MEKANIKLE
GAINS WISEL'S ABILITY.
NOW, WHEN MEKLORD
ASTRO MEKANIKLE ATTACKS
A MONSTER IN DEFENSE MODE,
NOT ONLY DOES YOUR MONSTER
FEEL ITS WRATH,
BUT SO WILL
YOUR PRECIOUS LIFE POINTS.
NOT WITH
SCRAP-IRON SCARECROW OUT.
THINK AGAIN.
USING WISEL ATTACK 5'S SPECIAL
ABILITY, WHICH IS IN PLAY,
I CAN NEGATE THE TRAP CARD
YOU ACTIVATED AND DESTROY IT.
WHAT?
OH, NO.
IF SCARECROW'S GONE, YUSEI
CAN'T STOP APORIA'S ATTACK.
AND THAT'S BAD.
SHOOTING STAR DRAGON
HAS 2,500 DEFENSE POINTS.
MEKLORD MEKANIKLE HAS 4,000.
THAT DIFFERENCE DOUBLED MEANS
THAT YUSEI WILL HAVE 3,000
POUNDING POINTS OF DAMAGE
HEADED HIS WAY.
AND HE ONLY HAS
2,800 POINTS LEFT.
JACK, YOU SHOULDN'T
BE MOVING!
I'D MOVE THE WHOLE WORLD
IF I COULD HELP YUSEI NOW.
AARGH. YEAH, JACK,
I'M RIGHT THERE WITH YA.
WE GOTTA SEND YUSEI
ALL OF OUR GOOD VIBES.
[ENGINES ROAR]
THIS IS WHERE IT ENDS FOR YOU
AND NEW DOMINO CITY.
[CACKLING]
AARGH.